---
layout: page
title: EULA / CLUF
menu: true
order: 3
---

## Table of Contents
{:.no_toc}
0. this unordered seed list will be replaced by toc as unordered list
{:toc}

## English

**LIMITED SOFTWARE WARRANTY AND LICENSE AGREEMENT**

*TRANSLATED FROM FRENCH*

This Limited Software Warranty and License Agreement (the "Agreement") may be updated from time to time. The latest version will be posted on the [support.nyctalopia.games/eula](https://support.nyctalopia.games/eula) site (hereinafter the “Website”). Your use of the Software after the posting of a revised Agreement constitutes your acceptance of its terms.

“SOFTWARE” INCLUDES ALL SOFTWARE INCLUDED IN THIS AGREEMENT (INCLUDING ANY RELATED SERVICES), ACCOMPANYING MANUAL(S), PACKAGING, AND OTHER WRITTEN MATERIALS, RECORDS, MATERIALS OR ELECTRONIC OR ONLINE, AND ALL COPIES OF SUCH SOFTWARE AND THE MEDIA.

THE SOFTWARE IS LICENSED AND NOT SOLD TO YOU. BY OPENING, DOWNLOADING, INSTALLING, COPYING OR USING THE SOFTWARE AND ANY OTHER MATERIALS INCLUDED WITH IT, YOU AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT WITH THE FACT ASSOCIATION gameHUB STUDIOS AND ITS AFFILIATES (THE " LICENSOR", THE "COMPANY", "WE", "OUR" OR "OUR").

THIS AGREEMENT CONTAINS A BINDING INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATION AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER PROVISION IN THE "BINDING INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATION" SECTION THAT AFFECTS YOUR RIGHTS UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WITH RESPECT TO ANY "DISPUTE" (SUCH AS DEFINED BELOW) BETWEEN YOU AND THE COMPANY AND REQUIRES THAT YOU AND THE COMPANY RESOLVE DISPUTES IN BINDING INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATION AND NOT IN COURT. YOU HAVE THE RIGHT TO OPT OUT OF THE BINDING INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATION SECTION, AS EXPLAINED BELOW.

PLEASE READ THIS AGREEMENT CAREFULLY. IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT ALL OF THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, YOU ARE NOT AUTHORIZED TO OPEN, DOWNLOAD, INSTALL, COPY OR USE THIS SOFTWARE.

TO ENTER INTO THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT, YOU MUST BE AN ADULT HAVING REACHED THE LEGAL AGE OF MAJORITY IN YOUR COUNTRY OF RESIDENCE. YOU ARE LEGALLY AND FINANCIALLY RESPONSIBLE FOR ALL ACTIONS USING OR ACCESSING OUR SOFTWARE, INCLUDING THE ACTIONS OF ANYONE YOU AUTHORIZE TO ACCESS YOUR ACCOUNT. YOU REPRESENT THAT YOU HAVE REACHED THE LEGAL AGE OF MAJORITY, UNDERSTAND AND ACCEPT THIS AGREEMENT (INCLUDING ITS DISPUTE RESOLUTION TERMS). IF YOU HAVE NOT REACHED THE LEGAL AGE OF MAJORITY, YOUR PARENTS OR LEGAL GUARDIAN MUST CONSENT TO THE THIS AGREEMENT.

LICENCE
Subject to this Agreement and its terms and conditions, Licensor hereby grants to you a nonexclusive, nontransferable, limited, revocable right and license to use one copy of the Software for your personal, noncommercial use on a sole gaming platform (e.g., computer, handheld device, or game console), under the terms applicable by Licensor, unless otherwise expressly provided in the Software documentation. Your license rights are subject to your acceptance of the terms of this Agreement. The terms of your license under this Agreement begin on the date you install or use the Software and expire on the date you dispose of the Software or upon termination of this Agreement by Licensor (see below). .

The Software is licensed to you, not sold to you, and you are hereby authorized that no title or ownership of the Software be transferred or assigned to you, and that this Agreement does not constitute a sale of any rights in the Software. . Licensor retains all right, title and interest in and to the Software, including without limitation all copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, trade names, proprietary rights, patents, titles, computer code , audiovisual effects, themes, characters, character names, stories, dialogues, settings, artistic works, sound effects, musical works and moral rights. The Software is protected by French copyright and trademark law as well as applicable laws and treaties around the world. You may not copy, reproduce, alter, modify or distribute the Software in any way or on any medium, in whole or in part, without the prior written consent of Licensor. Anyone copying, reproducing or distributing the Software in whole or in part in any way or in any medium violates all copyright laws and may be subject to civil or criminal penalties for France or in his country. Be aware that violations of US copyright law are subject to fines of up to $150,000 (USD) per violation. The Software contains certain licensed materials, and Licensor's licensors may also protect their rights in the event of a breach of this Agreement. Any rights not expressly granted by this Agreement are retained by Licensor and, if applicable, its licensors.

LICENSE TERMS
You agree not to, and not to assist any other person or entity to:

Commercially exploit the Software;
Use the Software as part of an agreement with others to wager money or other valuables;
Distribute, lease, license, sell, rent, convert into convertible currency or otherwise transfer or assign this Software, or copies thereof, including but not limited to Virtual Goods or Virtual Currency (defined below), without the prior express written consent of Licensor or as expressly provided in this Agreement;
Make copies of the Software in whole or in part (except as provided herein);
Make copies of the Software and make them available on a network for use or download by multiple users;
Except as otherwise provided by the Software or this Agreement, use or install the Software (or permit others to do so) on a network, for online use, or simultaneously on multiple computers or consoles;
Copy the Software to a hard disk or other storage medium in order to circumvent the requirement to run the Software from the included CD-ROM or DVD-ROM (this prohibition does not apply to full or partial copies that may be performed by the Software itself during installation in order to operate more efficiently);
Use or copy the Software in an arcade or other venue-based location, unless Licensor can offer you a separate license agreement to make the Software available for commercial use;
Reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, display, perform, prepare derivative works based upon, or otherwise modify the Software in whole or in part;
Remove or alter any proprietary notices or labels placed on or in the Software;
Interfere with or inhibit any other user in their use and enjoyment of the online features of the Software;
Cheating (including, but not limited to, taking advantage of any exploits or bugs) or using unauthorized bots, scrapers or other programs in connection with the online features of the Software;
Violate any term, policy, license or code of conduct for one or more online features of the Software; Where
Transport, export, or re-export (directly or indirectly) to a country that is prohibited by U.S. export laws, accompanying regulations, or U.S. economic sanctions from receiving such Software, or that otherwise violates such laws or regulations, or the laws of the country in which the Software was obtained, subject to change.

ACCESS TO SPECIAL FEATURES AND/OR SERVICES, INCLUDING DIGITAL COPIES: Downloading the Software, using a unique serial number, registering the Software, joining a third party service and/or of Licensor (including acceptance of terms and policies related to such service) may be required to activate the Software, access digital copies of the Software, or access certain special, unlockable, downloadable content, services and/or features , online or otherwise (collectively, the “Special Features”). Access to Special Features is limited to one User Account (defined below) per serial number, and access to Special Features may not be transferred, sold, leased, licensed, rented, converted into a Virtual Currency convertible or re-registered by another user, unless otherwise stipulated. The provisions of this paragraph supersede all other terms of this Agreement.

TRANSFER OF LICENSE OF A PRE-REGISTERED COPY: You may transfer the entire physical copy of the Pre-Registered Software and accompanying documentation permanently to another person, so long as you do not retain any copies (including archival or backup copies) of the Software, accompanying documentation, or any portion or component of the Software or accompanying documentation, and that the recipient agrees to the terms of this Agreement. Transferring the pre-recorded copy license may require certain steps on your part, as described in the Software documentation. You may not transfer, sell, lease, license, rent or convert Virtual Currency or Virtual Goods into convertible virtual currency, except as otherwise provided in this Agreement or with the prior written consent of Licensor. Special Features, including content not available without a single-use serial number, are not transferable to another person under any circumstances, Special features may stop working if the original installation copy of the Software is deleted or if the user does not have the pre-registered copy. The Software is intended for private use only. WITHOUT PREJUDICE TO THE ABOVE, YOU MAY NOT TRANSFER COPIES OF PRELIMINARY VERSIONS OF THE SOFTWARE.

TECHNICAL PROTECTIONS: The Software may include measures intended to control access to the Software, access to certain content or functionalities, to prevent unauthorized copying, or otherwise intended to prevent anyone from exceeding the limited rights and licenses granted by This agreement. These measures may include incorporating license management, product activation and other security technologies into the Software, as well as monitoring usage, including but not limited to time , date, access, or other controls, countermeasures, serial numbers and/or other security features designed to prevent unauthorized access, use and copying of the Software or any portion or component of thereof, including any breach of this Agreement. Licensor reserves the right to monitor use of the Software at any time. You may not interfere with these access control measures or attempt to disable or circumvent these security features; if you do, the Software may not function properly. If the Software allows access to Special Features, only one copy of the Software may access such Special Features at a time. Additional terms and registrations may be required to access online services and to download Software updates and patches. Only Software with a valid license may be used to access online services, including downloading updates and patches. Licensor may limit, suspend or terminate the license granted herein and access to the Software, including but not limited to all related services and products, upon thirty days notice, or immediately for for any reason beyond the Company's reasonable control, or if you breach any term of any agreement or policy governing the Software, including this Agreement, Licensor's Privacy Policy and/or Licensor's Terms of Use.

USER-GENERATED CONTENT: The Software may allow you to create content, including but not limited to maps, scenarios, screenshots, car designs, characters, objects, or gameplay footage videos. In exchange for use of the Software, and provided that your contributions while using the Software are in accordance with applicable laws, you hereby grant to Licensor an exclusive, perpetual, irrevocable, fully transferable and sublicensable to use, in any way, your contributions to the Software and its derivative products and services, including, but not limited to, the rights of reproduction, copy, adaptation, modification, performance , display, publication, broadcast, transmission, or communication to the general public in any way known or unknown, and to distribute your Contributions without any prior notice or compensation for any d protection afforded by intellectual property rights under international laws and conventions. You hereby waive, and agree never to assert, any moral rights of authorship, publication, reputation, or attribution in Licensor's or other players' use of such property in connection with the Software, its derivative products and its services according to the law in force. This License Agreement is granted to Licensor, and the above clause regarding applicable moral rights shall survive the termination of this Agreement.

INTERNET CONNECTION: The Software may require an Internet connection to access online features, authentication, or other functionality.

USER ACCOUNTS: In order to use the Software or a feature of it, or for certain features of the Software to work properly, it may be necessary to have a user account on an online service, such as an account on a platform game platform or social network (“Third Party Account”), or an account with Licensor or one of its affiliates, as set forth in the Software documentation, and to keep such account active and in good standing. If you do not maintain these accounts, certain features of the Software may not work or stop working properly, e.g. n whole or in part. The Software may also require the creation of a Software-only user account with Licensor or one of its affiliates (“User Account”) in order to access the Software and its features. Your connection to the User Account may be linked to a Third Party Account. You are responsible for the use and security of your User Accounts and any Third Party Accounts you use to access and use the Software.

COLLECTION AND USE OF INFORMATION
By installing and using the Software, you agree to the information collection and use terms set forth in this section and Licensor's Privacy Policy, including (if applicable) (i) the transfer any personal and other information to Licensor, its affiliates, suppliers and business partners, and certain other third parties such as government authorities in the United States and other countries outside of Europe or your country of origin. origin, including countries that may have lower privacy standards; (ii) publicly displaying your data, such as identifying content you have created or displaying your scores, rankings, achievements, and other game data on websites and other platforms; (iii) sharing your game data with Licensor's hardware manufacturers, platform hosts and business partners; and (iv) other uses and disclosures of your personal or other information as set forth in the above-named Privacy Policy, subject to change. If you do not want your information used or shared in this way, you should not use the Software.

GUARANTEE
LIMITED WARRANTY: Licensor warrants to you (if you are the original, original purchaser of the Software, but not if the pre-registered Software and accompanying documentation were transferred to you by the original purchaser) that original storage of the Software is free from defects in material and workmanship, under normal use and service, for 90 days from the date of purchase. Licensor warrants to you that this Software is compatible with a personal computer that meets the minimum system requirements described in the Software documentation or that it has been certified by the producer of the game media as compatible with the game media for which it has been edited. However, due to variability in hardware, software, Internet connection, and individual usage, Licensor cannot guarantee that the Software will operate optimally on your computer or game media. Licensor license does not guarantee that the Software will be free from interference; that the Software will meet your expectations; that the operation of the Software will be uninterrupted or error free, or that the Software will be compatible with third party programs or hardware or that any errors in the Software will be corrected. No statement or notice, oral or written, furnished by Licensor or any authorized representative shall create a warranty. Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation on implied warranties or limitations on a user's applicable legal rights, so some or all of the above exclusions and limitations may not apply to you. .

If for any reason you discover a defect in the storage media during the warranty period, Licensor agrees to replace any Software found to be defective during the warranty period, free of charge, so long as the Software is manufactured by Licensor. of license. If the Software is no longer available, Licensor reserves the right to replace it with similar Software of equal or greater value. This warranty is limited to the storage medium containing the Software originally provided by Licensor and does not apply to normal wear and tear. This warranty does not apply and is void if the defect is due to abuse, inappropriate use or poor maintenance. All implied warranties prescribed by law are expressly limited to the 90 day period described above.

Except for the foregoing, and provided that, if you are a resident of a member state of the European Union, Licensor warrants that the Software will meet its intended purpose and be of satisfactory quality, this warranty supersedes all other warranties, oral or written, express or implied, including any other warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement, and no other representations or warranties of any kind are binding on the Giverur license.

If you are returning Software under the above limited warranty, please send the original Software only to the address below and include: your name and return address; a photocopy of the dated proof of payment; and a brief letter describing the defect and the system on which you are operating the Software.

YOUR RESPONSIBILITY TO LICENSOR
To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, you agree to be liable to Licensor, its partners, licensors, affiliates, contractors, officers, directors, employees and agents for all damages, losses and expenses arising directly or indirectly from your acts and omissions to act while using the Software in accordance with the terms of the Agreement.

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, LICENSOR IS NOT LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES RESULTING FROM THE POSSESSION, USE, OR MALFUNCTION OF THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING BUT NOT EXCLUDING LIMIT, PROPERTY DAMAGE, LOSS OF GOODWILL, COMPUTER FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION AND, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, DAMAGES FOR PERSONAL INJURY, PROPERTY DAMAGE, OR LOSS OF PROFITS OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES WITH REGARD TO ANY CAUSES OF ACTION ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THIS SOFTWARE, WHETHER UNDER THE AGREEMENT; TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STRICT LIABILITY, OR ANY OTHER CASE, EVEN IF LICENSOR HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, LICENSOR'S LIABILITY FOR ALL SUCH DAMAGES (UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW) SHALL NOT EXCEED THE ACTUAL PRICE PAID BY YOU FOR USE OF THE SOFTWARE.

IF YOU ARE A RESIDENT OF A MEMBER STATE OF THE EUROPEAN UNION, NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY ABOVE, LICENSOR IS RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY REASONABLY FORESEEABLE LOSS OR DAMAGE TO YOU RESULTING FROM A BREACH OF THIS AGREEMENT OR NEGLIGENCE ON THE PART OF LICENSOR, BUT IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY UNPOSSIBLE LOSS OR DAMAGE.

WE DO NOT AND CANNOT HAVE ANY CONTROL OVER THE STREAM OF DATA THAT ENTERS OR LEAVES OUR NETWORK AND OTHER PORTIONS OF THE INTERNET, WIRELESS NETWORKS OR OTHER THIRD-PARTY NETWORKS. THIS FLOW IS LARGELY DEPENDENT ON THE PERFORMANCE OF THE INTERNET AND WIRELESS SERVICES PROVIDED OR CONTROLLED BY THIRD PARTIES. SOMETIMES THE ACTIONS OR INACTIONS OF SUCH THIRD PARTIES MAY HARM OR DISRUPTION YOUR CONNECTION TO THE INTERNET, WIRELESS SERVICES, OR PORTIONS OF THEM. WE CANNOT GUARANTEE THAT SUCH EVENTS WILL NOT OCCUR. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, WE DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL LIABILITY ARISING FROM OR RELATED TO THE ACTIONS OR INACTIONS OF THIRD PARTIES THAT DAMAGE OR INTERRUPT YOUR CONNECTION TO THE INTERNET, WIRELESS SERVICES OR PORTIONS OF THESE OR THE USE OF THE SOFTWARE AND RELATED SERVICES AND PRODUCTS.

TERMS OF USE
All access to and use of the Software is subject to this Agreement, the documentation accompanying the Software, Licensor's Terms of Use and Licensor's Privacy Policy, and all terms and conditions of the Terms of use are incorporated herein by this reference. All of these documents represent the entire agreement between you and Licensor with respect to use of the Software and related services and products, and supersede and supersede any prior agreements between you and Licensor. license, written or verbal. In the event that this Agreement and the Terms of Use conflict, this Agreement shall prevail.

VARIOUS
If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable for any reason, such provision will be revised only to the extent necessary to make it enforceable. The remaining provisions of this Agreement are not affected.

APPLICABLE LAW
This Agreement is concluded in France (French Republic), by whose law it will be governed and according to whose law it will be interpreted, without taking into account its choice of rules of law. For any dispute not subject to binding individual arbitration, you and the Company agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the French courts, and to waive any dispute as to the place or jurisdiction of these courts (but without affecting the right of either party to refer a case to court if permitted). This paragraph shall be construed as broadly as permitted by applicable law. For example, if you are a resident of a Member State of the European Union, you will benefit from any mandatory provisions.applicable to the consumer protection law of the Member State of which you are a resident and you may bring legal proceedings in relation to this Agreement in the courts of the Member State of which you are a resident. You acknowledge that any breach by you of this Agreement, the Privacy Policy, the Terms of Service, or any other agreement with the Company will constitute an affirmative defense (whether at law or in equity) to any claim you may assert against the Company regarding its software or services. You and Licensor agree that the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods (Vienna, 1980) does not apply to this Agreement or to any dispute or transaction arising out of this Agreement. The Company has the right to bring civil actions against you for any breach of its End User License Agreement, Terms of Use, Privacy Policy or any other terms governing its software and services, whether for violation of contract, violation of common law rights, or violation of any applicable state or federal law.

IF YOU HAVE ANY QUESTIONS RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, YOU MAY CONTACT BY EMAIL: [legal@nyctalopia.games](mailto://legal@nyctalopia.games)

## Français 

**GARANTIE LOGICIELLE LIMITÉE ET ACCORD DE LICENCE**

Cette garantie logicielle limitée et cet accord de licence (ci-après l’“Accord”) peuvent être mis à jour régulièrement. La dernière version en date sera postée sur le site [support.nyctalopia.games/eula](https://support.nyctalopia.games/eula) (ci-après le “Site Internet”). Votre utilisation du Logiciel après la publication d’un Accord révisé constitue votre acceptation de ses termes.

LE “LOGICIEL” INCLUT TOUS LES LOGICIELS INCLUS DANS LE PRÉSENT ACCORD (Y COMPRIS LES SERVICES LIÉS), LE(S) MANUEL(S) D’ACCOMPAGNEMENT, L’EMBALLAGE ET D’AUTRES SUPPORTS ÉCRITS, DOSSIERS, SUPPORTS OU DOCUMENTATION ÉLECTRONIQUES OU EN LIGNE, ET TOUTES LES COPIES DESDITS LOGICIELS ET DE LEURS SUPPORTS.

LE LOGICIEL EST SOUS LICENCE ET NE VOUS EST PAS VENDU. PAR L’OUVERTURE, LE TÉLÉCHARGEMENT, L’INSTALLATION, LA COPIE OU L’UTILISATION DU LOGICIEL AINSI QUE DE TOUT AUTRE SUPPORT INCLUS AVEC, VOUS ACCEPTEZ LES TERMES DU PRÉSENT ACCORD AVEC L’ASSOCIATION DE FAIT gameHUB STUDIOS ET SES AFFILIÉES (LE “DONNEUR DE LICENCE”, LA “SOCIÉTÉ”, “NOUS”, “NOTRE” OU “NOS”).

LE PRÉSENT ACCORD CONTIENT UNE DISPOSITION RELATIVE À L’ARBITRAGE INDIVIDUEL CONTRAIGNANT ET À LA RENONCIATION AUX RECOURS COLLECTIFS DANS LA SECTION "ARBITRAGE INDIVIDUEL CONTRAIGNANT’ CELLE-CI AFFECTE VOS DROITS EN VERTU DU PRÉSENT ACCORD EN CE QUI CONCERNE TOUT “LITIGE” (TEL QUE DÉFINI CI-APRÈS) ENTRE VOUS ET LA SOCIÉTÉ ET EXIGE QUE VOUS ET LA SOCIÉTÉ RÉSOLVIEZ LES LITIGES EN ARBITRAGE INDIVIDUEL CONTRAIGNANT ET NON DEVANT LES TRIBUNAUX. VOUS AVEZ LE DROIT DE VOUS SOUSTRAIRE À LA SECTION ARBITRAGE INDIVIDUEL CONTRAIGNANT, COMME EXPLIQUÉ CI-APRÈS.

VEUILLEZ LIRE ATTENTIVEMENT CET ACCORD. SI VOUS N’ACCEPTEZ PAS TOUS LES TERMES DE CET ACCORD, VOUS N’ÊTES PAS AUTORISÉ À OUVRIR, TÉLÉCHARGER, INSTALLER, COPIER OU UTILISER CE LOGICIEL.

POUR CONCLURE CET ACCORD DE LICENCE, VOUS DEVEZ ÊTRE UN ADULTE AYANT ATTEINT L’ÂGE LÉGAL DE LA MAJORITÉ DANS VOTRE PAYS DE RÉSIDENCE. VOUS ÊTES LÉGALEMENT ET FINANCIÈREMENT RESPONSABLE DE TOUTES LES ACTIONS UTILISANT OU ACCÉDANT À NOTRE LOGICIEL, NOTAMMENT LES ACTIONS DE TOUTE PERSONNE QUE VOUS AUTORISEZ À ACCÉDER À VOTRE COMPTE. VOUS AFFIRMEZ AVOIR ATTEINT L’ÂGE LÉGAL DE LA MAJORITÉ, COMPRENDRE ET ACCEPTERCET ACCORD (NOTAMMENT SES MODALITÉS DE RÈGLEMENT DES LITIGES).SI VOUS N’AVEZ PAS ATTEINT L’ÂGE LÉGAL DE LA MAJORITÉ, VOS PARENTS OU VOTRE TUTEUR LÉGAL DOIVENT CONSENTIR AU PRÉSENT ACCORD.

LICENCE
Sous réserve du présent Accord et de ses conditions générales, le Donneur de licence vous concède par la présente un droit et une licence non exclusifs, non transférables, limités et révocables d’utiliser une copie du Logiciel pour votre usage personnel et non commercial sur une seule plateforme de jeu (par exemple : ordinateur, appareil portable ou console de jeu), dans les conditions prévues par le Donneur de licence, sauf stipulation contraire expresse dans la documentation du Logiciel. Vos droits de licence sont sujets à votre acceptation des termes du présent Accord. Les termes de votre licence sous cet Accord entrent en application à la date d’installation ou d’utilisation du Logiciel et expirent à la date de disposition du Logiciel ou à la résiliation du présent Accord par le Donneur de licence (voir ci-après).

Le Logiciel vous est proposé sous licence, et ne vous est pas vendu, et vous acceptez par la présente qu’aucun titre ou propriété du logiciel ne vous soit transféré ou assigné, et que cet Accord ne saurait constituer la vente des droits du Logiciel. Le Donneur de licence conserve tout droit, titre et intérêt sur le Logiciel, y compris, sans s’y limiter, tous les droits d’auteur, marques commerciales, secrets commerciaux, noms commerciaux, droits de propriété, brevets, titres, codes informatiques, effets audiovisuels, thèmes, personnages, noms de personnages, histoires, dialogues, décors, travaux artistiques, effets sonores, œuvres musicales et droits moraux. Le Logiciel est protégé par la loi française sur le droit d’auteur et les marques commerciales ainsi que par les lois et traités applicables dans le monde. Il est interdit de copier, reproduire, altérer, modifier ou distribuer le Logiciel de quelque façon que ce soit ou sur quelque support que ce soit, en totalité ou en partie, sans l’accord écrit préalable du Donneur de licence. Toute personne copiant, reproduisant ou distribuant le Logiciel en totalité ou en partie de quelque façon que ce soit ou sur quelque support que ce soit, enfreint volontairement toutes les lois sur le droit d’auteur et peut faire l’objet de sanctions civiles ou pénales en France ou dans son pays. Sachez que les infractions à la loi américaine sur le droit d’auteur sont passibles d’amendes allant jusqu’à 150 000 $ (USD) par infraction. Le Logiciel contient certains supports sous licence, et les concédants du Donneur de licence peuvent également protéger leurs droits dans le cas d’une violation du présent Accord. Les droits non expressément accordés par cet Accord sont conservés par le Donneur de licence et, si applicable, ses concédants.

CONDITIONS DE LA LICENCE
Vous acceptez de ne pas, et de ne pas aider une autre personne physique ou morale à :

Exploiter commercialement le Logiciel ;
Utiliser le Logiciel dans le cadre d’un accord avec d’autres personnes pour parier de l’argent ou d’autres biens de valeur ;
Distribuer, céder à bail, donner sous licence, vendre, louer, convertir en une monnaie convertible ou transférer ou céder autrement le présent Logiciel, ou des copies de ce dernier, y compris, mais sans s’y limiter des Biens virtuels ou de la Monnaie virtuelle (définis ci-après), sans l’accord écrit exprès préalable du Donneur de licence ou comme expressément indiqué dans le présent Accord ;
Faire des copies du Logiciel en totalité ou en partie (sauf comme indiqué par la présente) ;
Faire des copies du Logiciel et les mettre à disposition sur un réseau pour son utilisation ou son téléchargement par des utilisateurs multiples ;
Sauf spécification contraire fournie par le Logiciel ou le présent Accord, utiliser ou installer le Logiciel (ou permettre à autrui de le faire) sur un réseau, pour un usage en ligne, ou simultanément sur plusieurs ordinateurs ou consoles ;
Copier le Logiciel sur un disque dur ou autre support de stockage afin de contourner l’exigence d’exécution du Logiciel à partir du CD-ROM ou du DVD-ROM inclus (cette interdiction ne s’applique pas aux copies totales ou partielles pouvant être réalisées par le Logiciel lui-même durant l’installation afin de fonctionner plus efficacement) ;
Utiliser ou copier le Logiciel dans un centre de jeux électroniques ou tout autre site basé sur site, à moins que le Donneur de licence puisse vous proposer un accord de licence séparé pour rendre le Logiciel disponible pour un usage commercial ;
Rétro-concevoir, décompiler, désassembler, afficher, interpréter, préparer des travaux dérivés basés sur, ou modifier autrement le Logiciel en totalité ou en partie ;
Retirer ou modifier tous les avis ou étiquettes de propriété placés sur ou dans le Logiciel ;
Gêner ou empêcher tout autre utilisateur dans son utilisation et sa jouissance des fonctionnalités en ligne du Logiciel ;
Tricher (y compris, mais sans s’y limiter, profiter d’exploits ou de bugs) ou utiliser des robots, collecteurs ou autres programmes non autorisés en rapport avec les fonctionnalités en ligne du Logiciel ;
Enfreindre n’importe quels terme, charte, licence ou code de conduite pour une ou plusieurs fonctionnalités en ligne du Logiciel ; ou
Transporter, exporter ou réexporter (directement ou indirectement) dans un pays auquel des lois sur l’exportation américaines, des réglementations d’accompagnement ou des sanctions économiques américaines interdisent de recevoir ledit Logiciel, ou qui enfreint autrement ces lois ou réglementations, ou les lois du pays dans lequel le Logiciel a été obtenu, sujettes à modification.

ACCÈS AUX FONCTIONNALITÉS ET/OU SERVICES SPÉCIAUX, Y COMPRIS LES COPIES NUMÉRIQUES : Le téléchargement du Logiciel, l’utilisation d’un numéro de série unique, l’enregistrement du Logiciel, l’adhésion à un service tiers et/ou à un service du Donneur de licence (y compris l’acceptation des conditions et politiques liées à ce service) peuvent être nécessaires pour activer le Logiciel, accéder aux copies numériques du Logiciel, ou accéder à certains contenus, services et/ou fonctions spéciaux, déblocables, téléchargeables, en ligne ou autres (collectivement, les “Fonctionnalités spéciales”). L’accès aux Fonctionnalités spéciales est limité à un seul Compte utilisateur (défini ci-dessous) par numéro de série, et l’accès aux Fonctionnalités spéciales ne peut être transféré, vendu, cédé à bail, donné sous licence, loué, converti en une Monnaie virtuelle convertible ou ré-enregistré par un autre utilisateur, sauf stipulation contraire. Les dispositions de ce paragraphe prévalent sur tous les autres termes du présent Accord.

TRANSFERT DE LA LICENCE D’UNE COPIE PRÉ-ENREGISTRÉE : Vous pouvez transférer l’intégralité de la copie physique du Logiciel pré-enregistré et sa documentation jointe de façon permanente à une autre personne, tant que vous ne conservez aucune copie (y compris les copies d’archives ou de sauvegarde) du Logiciel, de la documentation jointe, ou toute portion ou composant du Logiciel ou de la documentation jointe, et que le destinataire accepte les termes du présent Accord. Le transfert de la licence de la copie pré-enregistrée peut nécessiter certaines démarches de votre part, comme indiqué dans la documentation du Logiciel. Vous ne pouvez pas transférer, vendre, céder à bail, donner sous licence, louer ou convertir en une monnaie virtuelle convertible de la Monnaie virtuelle ou des Biens virtuels, sauf mention contraire dans le présent Accord ou autorisation écrite préalable du Donneur de licence. Les Fonctionnalités spéciales, y compris le contenu non disponible sans numéro de série à usage unique, ne sont pas transférables à une autre personne, en aucun cas, et les Fonctionnalités spéciales peuvent cesser de fonctionner si la copie d’installation originale du Logiciel est supprimée ou si l’utilisateur ne dispose pas de la copie pré-enregistrée. Le Logiciel est prévu pour une utilisation exclusivement dans le cadre privé. SANS PRÉJUDICE DE CE QUI PRÉCÈDE, VOUS NE POUVEZ PAS TRANSFÉRER DE COPIES DE VERSIONS PRÉLIMINAIRES DU LOGICIEL.

PROTECTIONS TECHNIQUES : Le Logiciel peut inclure des mesures destinées à contrôler l’accès au Logiciel, l’accès à certains contenus ou fonctionnalités, à empêcher les copies non autorisées, ou visant autrement à empêcher quiconque d’outrepasser les droits et licences limités conférés par cet Accord. Ces mesures peuvent comprendre l’incorporation de dispositifs de gestion de licence, d’activation du produit et autres technologies de sécurité dans le Logiciel, ainsi que le contrôle de l’utilisation, y compris, mais sans s’y limiter, l’heure, la date, l’accès, ou d’autres contrôles, parades, numéros de série et/ou autres dispositifs de sécurité conçus pour empêcher l’accès, l’utilisation et la copie non autorisés du Logiciel ou de toute portion ou composante de celui-ci, y compris tout manquement au présent Accord. Le Donneur de licence se réserve le droit de contrôler l’utilisation du Logiciel à tout moment. Vous ne pouvez pas interférer dans ces mesures de contrôle de l’accès ni essayer de désactiver ou de contourner ces fonctionnalités de sécurité ; si vous le faites, le Logiciel est susceptible de ne pas fonctionner correctement. Si le Logiciel permet l’accès à des Fonctionnalités spéciales, une seule copie du Logiciel peut accéder à ces Fonctionnalités spéciales à la fois. Des conditions et inscriptions supplémentaires peuvent être nécessaires pour accéder aux services en ligne et pour télécharger les mises à jour et correctifs du Logiciel. Seul un Logiciel disposant d’une licence valide peut être utilisé pour accéder aux services en ligne, y compris au téléchargement des mises à jour et correctifs. Le Donneur de licence peut limiter, suspendre ou mettre fin à la licence accordée par les présentes et accéder au Logiciel, y compris, mais sans s’y limiter, à tous les services et produits liés, sous préavis de trente jours, ou immédiatement pour quelque raison que ce soit échappant au contrôle raisonnable de la Société, ou si vous enfreignez une quelconque modalité d’un accord ou d’une charte régissant le Logiciel, y compris le présent Accord, la Charte de confidentialité du Donneur de licence et/ou les Conditions d’utilisation du Donneur de licence.

CONTENU CRÉÉ PAR L’UTILISATEUR : Le Logiciel peut vous autoriser à créer du contenu, y compris, mais sans s’y limiter des cartes, scénarios, captures d’écran, designs de voiture, personnages, objets ou vidéos de séquences de jeu. En échange de l’utilisation du Logiciel, et à condition que vos contributions lors de l’utilisation du Logiciel soient en accord avec les droits en vigueur, vous cédez par la présente au Donneur de licence un droit international exclusif, perpétuel, irrévocable, entièrement transférable et sous-licenciable d’utilisation, de quelque manière que ce soit, de vos contributions au Logiciel et à ses produits et services dérivés, incluant, mais sans s’y limiter, les droits de reproduction, copie, adaptation, modification, exécution, affichage, édition, diffusion, transmission ou communication au grand public de toutes les manières, qu’elles soient connues ou inconnues, et de distribuer vos contributions sans aucun avis préalable ni aucune compensation pour toute la durée de la protection accordée par les droits sur la propriété intellectuelle en application des lois et des conventions internationales. Par la présente, vous renoncez à, et acceptez de ne jamais revendiquer, tous les droits moraux de paternité, de publication, de réputation ou d’attribution sur l’utilisation par le Donneur de licence ou les autres joueurs de tels biens en rapport avec le Logiciel, ses produits dérivés et ses services selon la loi en vigueur. Cet accord de licence est accordé au Donneur de licence, et la clause ci-dessus concernant les droits moraux applicables perdurera même après la rupture du présent Accord.

CONNEXION À INTERNET : Le Logiciel peut nécessiter une connexion à Internet pour accéder aux fonctions en ligne, à son authentification ou à d’autres fonctionnalités.

COMPTES UTILISATEURS : Afin d’utiliser le Logiciel ou une fonctionnalité de celui-ci, ou pour que certaines fonctionnalités du Logiciel fonctionnent correctement, il peut être nécessaire de disposer d’un compte utilisateur sur un service en ligne, comme un compte sur une plateforme de jeux tierce ou un réseau social (“Compte tiers”), ou un compte auprès du Donneur de licence ou d’un de ses affiliés, comme indiqué dans la documentation du Logiciel, et de garder ce compte actif et en règle. Si vous n’entretenez pas ces comptes, certaines fonctionnalités du Logiciel peuvent ne pas fonctionner ou cesser de fonctionner correctement, en intégralité ou en partie. Le Logiciel peut aussi nécessiter la création d’un compte utilisateur exclusivement pour le Logiciel auprès du Donneur de licence ou de l’un de ses affiliés (“Compte utilisateur”) afin d’accéder au Logiciel et à ses fonctionnalités. Votre connexion au Compte utilisateur peut être liée à un Compte tiers. Vous êtes responsable de l’usage et de la sécurité de vos Comptes utilisateurs et de tout Compte tiers dont vous vous servez pour accéder au Logiciel et l’utiliser.

COLLECTE ET UTILISATION DES INFORMATIONS
Par l’installation et l’utilisation du Logiciel, vous acceptez les conditions de collecte et d’utilisation des informations établies dans cette section et dans la Charte de confidentialité du Donneur de licence, y compris (le cas échéant) (i) le transfert de toutes informations personnelles et autres au Donneur de licence, ses affiliés, fournisseurs et partenaires commerciaux, et à certains autres tiers comme les autorités gouvernementales des États-Unis et d’autres pays situés en-dehors de l’Europe ou de votre pays d’origine, y compris des pays pouvant avoir des normes moins strictes en ce qui concerne la protection de la vie privée ; (ii) l’affichage public de vos données, comme l’identification du contenu que vous avez créé ou l’affichage de vos scores, classements, exploits, et autres données de jeu sur des sites Internet et autres plateformes ; (iii) le partage de vos données de jeu avec les fabricants de matériel, hébergeurs de plateformes et partenaires commerciaux du Donneur de licence ; et (iv) d’autres utilisations et divulgations de vos informations personnelles ou autres comme indiqué dans la Charte de confidentialité susnommée, sujette à modification. Si vous ne voulez pas que vos informations soient utilisées ou partagées de cette façon, vous ne devriez pas utiliser le Logiciel.

GARANTIE
GARANTIE LIMITÉE : Le Donneur de licence vous garantit (si vous êtes l’acheteur initial et d’origine du Logiciel mais pas si le Logiciel pré-enregistré et sa documentation jointe vous ont été transférés par l’acheteur d’origine) que le support de stockage d’origine du Logiciel est exempt de tout vice matériel et de fabrication, pour un usage et un entretien normal, pendant 90 jours à compter de la date d’achat. Le Donneur de licence vous garantit que ce Logiciel est compatible avec un ordinateur personnel répondant à la configuration minimale requise décrite dans la documentation du Logiciel ou qu’il a été certifié par le producteur du support de jeu comme compatible avec le support de jeu pour lequel il a été édité. Cependant, en raison de la variabilité du matériel, des logiciels, de la connexion à Internet et de l’utilisation individuelle, le Donneur de licence ne peut pas garantir le fonctionnement optimal du Logiciel sur votre ordinateur ou votre support de jeu. Le Donneur de licence ne garantit pas que le Logiciel sera exempt de toute interférence ; que le Logiciel répondra à vos attentes ; que le fonctionnement du Logiciel sera ininterrompu ou ne comportera aucune erreur, ou que le Logiciel sera compatible avec des programmes ou du matériel tiers ou que les éventuelles erreurs du Logiciel seront corrigées. Aucune déclaration ou notice, orale ou écrite, fournie par le Donneur de licence ni aucun représentant autorisé ne peut constituer une garantie. Certaines juridictions ne permettant pas l’exclusion ou les limitations sur des garanties implicites ou les limitations sur les droits légaux applicables d’un utilisateur, une partie ou l’ensemble des exclusions et des limitations ci-dessus peuvent ne pas s’appliquer à vous.

Si, pour une raison quelconque, vous découvrez un défaut dans le support de stockage durant la période de garantie, le Donneur de licence accepte de remplacer gratuitement tout Logiciel s’avérant défectueux durant la période de garantie tant que le Logiciel est fabriqué par le Donneur de licence. Si le Logiciel n’est plus disponible, le Donneur de licence se réserve le droit de le remplacer par un Logiciel similaire de valeur égale ou supérieure. Cette garantie est limitée au support de stockage contenant le Logiciel fourni à l’origine par le Donneur de licence et ne s’applique pas à l’usure normale. La présente garantie ne s’applique pas et est nulle si le vice est dû à un usage abusif, inapproprié ou à un mauvais entretien. Toutes les garanties implicites prescrites par la loi sont expressément limitées à la période de 90 jours décrite ci-dessus.

Excepté ce qui précède, et à condition que, si vous êtes un résident d’un État membre de l’Union européenne, le donneur de Licence garantisse que le Logiciel remplira les conditions de son objectif et sera de qualité satisfaisante, la présente garantie remplace toutes les autres garanties, orales ou écrites, explicites ou implicites, y compris toute autre garantie de qualité marchande, d’adéquation à un but particulier ou de non-contrefaçon, et aucune autres déclaration ou garantie d’aucune sorte ne lie le Donneur de licence.

Si vous renvoyez le Logiciel sous la garantie limitée ci-dessus, veuillez envoyer le Logiciel d’origine uniquement à l’adresse ci-dessous et indiquer : votre nom et l’adresse pour le renvoi ; une photocopie du justificatif de paiement daté ; et une courte lettre décrivant le vice et le système sur lequel vous exploitez le Logiciel.

VOTRE RESPONSABILITÉ ENVERS LE DONNEUR DE LICENCE
Dans les limites permises par les lois en vigueur, vous acceptez d’être responsable envers le Donneur de licence, ses partenaires, concédants, affiliés, contractants, cadres, directeurs, employés et agents de tous préjudices, pertes et dépenses découlant directement ou indirectement de vos actes et omissions à agir lors de l’utilisation du Logiciel conformément aux termes de l’Accord.

DANS LES LIMITES PERMISES PAR LES LOIS EN VIGUEUR, LE DONNEUR DE LICENCE N’EST PAS RESPONSABLE DE DOMMAGES SPÉCIAUX, ACCESSOIRES OU INDIRECTS RÉSULTANT DE LA POSSESSION, DE L’USAGE OU DU DYSFONCTIONNEMENT DU PRÉSENT LOGICIEL, Y COMPRIS, MAIS SANS S’Y LIMITER, LES DOMMAGES MATÉRIELS, LA PERTE DE CLIENTÈLE, LA DÉFAILLANCE OU LE DYSFONCTIONNEMENT D’ORDINATEUR ET, DANS LA MESURE OÙ LA LOI L’AUTORISE, LES DOMMAGES POUR BLESSURES CORPORELLES, LES DOMMAGES MATÉRIELS, OU LA PERTE DE PROFITS OU LES DOMMAGES PUNITIFS À L’ÉGARD DE TOUTES CAUSES D’ACTION RÉSULTANT OU ASSOCIÉES AU PRÉSENT ACCORD OU AU PRÉSENT LOGICIEL, QUE CE SOIT EN VERTU DU CONTRAT ; DE LA RESPONSABILITÉ DÉLICTUELLE (NOTAMMENT LA NÉGLIGENCE), DE LA RESPONSABILITÉ STRICTE, OU DE TOUT AUTRE CAS DE FIGURE, MÊME SI LE DONNEUR DE LICENCE A ÉTÉ INFORMÉ DE LA POSSIBILITÉ DESDITS DOMMAGES. DANS LES LIMITES PERMISES PAR LES LOIS EN VIGUEUR, LA RESPONSABILITÉ DU DONNEUR DE LICENCE POUR TOUS CES DOMMAGES (SAUF SI UNE LOI APPLICABLE L’EXIGE) NE SAURAIT DÉPASSER LE PRIX RÉEL PAYÉ PAR VOUS POUR L’UTILISATION DU LOGICIEL.

SI VOUS ÊTES UN RÉSIDENT D’UN ÉTAT MEMBRE DE L’UNION EUROPÉENNE, EN DÉPIT DE TOUTE PROVISION CONTRAIRE CI-DESSUS, LE DONNEUR DE LICENCE EST RESPONSABLE DE TOUTE PERTE OU TOUT DÉGÂT DONT VOUS SERIEZ VICTIME RÉSULTANT DE MANIÈRE RAISONNABLEMENT PRÉVISIBLE D’UNE INFRACTION AU PRÉSENT ACCORD OU D’UNE NÉGLIGENCE DE LA PART DU DONNEUR DE LICENCE, MAIS IL N’EST PAS RESPONSABLE DES PERTES ET DÉGÂTS IMPOSSIBLES À PRÉVOIR.

NOUS N’AVONS PAS ET NE POUVONS PAS AVOIR DE CONTRÔLE SUR LE FLUX DE DONNÉES QUI ENTRE OU SORT DE NOTRE RÉSEAU ET D’AUTRES PORTIONS D’INTERNET, DES RÉSEAUX SANS FIL OU D’AUTRES RÉSEAUX TIERS. CE FLUX DÉPEND EN GRANDE PARTIE DES PERFORMANCES D’INTERNET ET DE SERVICES SANS FIL FOURNIS OU CONTRÔLÉS PAR DES TIERS. PARFOIS, LES ACTIONS OU L’ABSENCE D’ACTION DE CES TIERS PEUT NUIRE À OU INTERROMPRE VOTRE CONNEXION À INTERNET, À DES SERVICES SANS FIL, OU À DES PARTIES DE CEUX-CI. NOUS NE POUVONS PAS GARANTIR QUE DE TELS ÉVÈNEMENTS NE SE PRODUIRONT PAS. DANS LES LIMITES PERMISES PAR LES LOIS EN VIGUEUR, NOUS NOUS DÉSISTONS DE TOUTE RESPONSABILITÉ ÉMANANT DE OU LIÉE AUX ACTIONS OU ABSENCE D’ACTION DE TIERS QUI NUISENT À, OU INTERROMPENT VOTRE CONNEXION À INTERNET, À DES SERVICES SANS FIL OU À DES PARTIES DE CEUX-CI OU L’UTILISATION DU LOGICIEL ET DES SERVICES ET PRODUITS LIÉS.

CONDITIONS D’UTILISATION
Tout accès au Logiciel et utilisation de celui-ci sont soumis au présent Accord, à la documentation jointe au Logiciel, aux Conditions d’utilisation du Donneur de licence et à la Charte de confidentialité du Donneur de licence, et toutes les conditions générales des Conditions d’utilisation sont incorporées aux présentes par le biais de cette référence. L’ensemble de ces documents représente l’intégralité de l’accord entre vous et le Donneur de licence en ce qui concerne l’utilisation du Logiciel et des services et produits liés, et annule et remplace tout accord antérieur entre vous et le Donneur de licence, écrit ou verbal. Dans le cas où cet Accord et les Conditions d’utilisation seraient contradictoires, c’est cet Accord qui prévaut.

DIVERS
Si l’une des dispositions de cet Accord est considérée comme non applicable pour une raison quelconque, ladite disposition est revue uniquement dans la mesure nécessaire pour la rendre applicable. Les dispositions restantes du présent Accord ne sont pas affectées.

LOI APPLICABLE
Le présent Accord est conclu en France (République Française), par le droit duquel il sera régi et en fonction du droit duquel il sera interprété, sans tenir compte de ses choix de règles de droit. Pour tout litige non soumis à un arbitrage individuel contraignant, vous et la Société acceptez de vous soumettre à la compétence exclusive des tribunaux français, et de renoncer à toute contestation de lieu ou de compétence de ces tribunaux (mais sans affecter le droit de l’une ou l’autre des parties de renvoyer une affaire devant un tribunal si cela est permis). Ce paragraphe sera interprété de manière aussi large que le permet la loi en vigueur. Par exemple, si vous êtes résident d’un État membre de l’Union européenne, vous bénéficierez de toute disposition obligatoire de la loi de protection du consommateur de l’État membre duquel vous êtes résident et vous pourrez engager une action en justice en relation avec le présent Accord dans les tribunaux de l’État membre duquel vous êtes résident. Vous reconnaissez que toute violation de votre part du présent Accord, de la Charte de confidentialité, des Conditions d’utilisation ou de tout autre accord avec la Société constituera un moyen de défense affirmatif (caractérisé en droit ou en équité) contre toute réclamation que vous pourriez faire valoir à l’encontre de la Société concernant ses logiciels ou services. Vous et le Donneur de licence acceptez que la Convention des Nations Unies sur les contrats de vente internationale de marchandises (Vienne, 1980) ne s’applique pas à cet Accord ou à n’importe quel litige ou transaction provenant de cet Accord. La Société a le droit d’engager des poursuites civiles contre vous pour toute violation de son Accord de licence utilisateur, des Conditions d’utilisation, de la Charte de confidentialité ou de toute autre condition régissant ses logiciels et services, que ce soit pour violation de contrat, violation des droits de la Common Law ou violation de toute loi étatique ou fédérale en vigueur.

SI VOUS AVEZ DES QUESTIONS RELATIVES AU PRÉSENT ACCORD, VOUS POUVEZ CONTACTER PAR COURRIEL : [legal@nyctalopia.games](mailto://legal@nyctalopia.games)